---
layout: post
title: Week Five!
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week we mainly went over new material such as the different kinds of iterators and how they are used in different scenarios. We don't get our next project for another week so last week and this coming week are mainly full of and going to be full of studying for the upcoming exam that is on Thursday.
### What is in your way?
This past week we covered a large amount of new content(well at least new to me). We're going over simple things that we have all used in the past such as simple operators like ++ and ==, and diving into their inner workings. We're examining these things on a level of detail that I haven't looked at before. So I guess the main thing that is my way at the moment is just remembering all of the fine details regarding the concepts and algorithms that we have gone over.
### What will you do next week?
This coming week we have our first exam and I have a considerable amount of studying to do. We were given a list of concepts, algorithms, operators, etc. that we need to be familiar with and like I said earlier there are a lot of small details that one needs to know in order to properly implement the algorithms we have gone over.
### Pick-of-the-week
I am a huge fan of the space industry so I try to stay caught up with latest news. Earlier in the week Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX and Tesla Motors, gave a talk about he anticipates that there will be a colony of humans on Mars within the next 50 to 150 years! That is pretty awesome and I certainly hope that we get man to Mars and back safely within my lifetime! Here's an article that covers some of Elon's ideas: http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/27/technology/spacex-elon-musk-mars-colonization/index.html
