---
layout: post
title: Week Ten!
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week my partner and I mainly worked on project 3 and we are making progress.
### What is in your way?
At the moment, the main challenge that I am facing is how to structure the current project called Darwin. My partner and I are a bit unsure of what the instructions given on the assignment page expect in regard how the different classes share information. We are not allowed to use getters and setters to pass necessary information between classes but I’m not completely sure what qualifies as a getter and setter. I understand that the overall purpose of not using them is to make it to where the classes can function as independently from each other as possible and to reduce dependencies but one cannot make classes that are meant to work together completely independent from each other. I guess my main confusion comes from the following question; what is the difference between passing information using getters and setters, and passing information through “messaging”? The provided resources on the assignment page do not clarify the distinction between the two very well so I will need to consult outside sources to get some answers. 
### What will you do next week?
This week my partner and I will be wrapping up project 3: Darwin. We are a bit confused on how we are to implement some things at the moment but I am confident that we can get some answers tomorrow during office hours.
### Pick-of-the-week
I recently subscribed to the YouTube channel “Linus Tech Tips” for their awesome tech videos and computer builds. I highly recommend the channel not only for some of its rather amusing videos but also because I have learned a good amount about the hardware that goes in our computers. It’s awesome check it out!
