---
layout: post
title: Week Nine!
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I mainly worked on project three dealing with allocators. Got it turned in on time but had a little mishap with the naming of the test files that were added to the public repo but after a quick fix everything was good to go. I don't think any points will be taken off for that. Overall, I feel pretty solid about what my partner and I turned in and think we should get a good grade unless something goes disastrously wrong. In other news, I got an interview for an internship with Goldman Sachs so that is pretty exciting! I unfortunately haven’t had any computer science internships so far so getting this internship would be very beneficial for getting some real world programming experience. Thought of working at Goldman Sachs in general is exciting because I can see myself going into the financial/business area of computer science!
### What is in your way?
From a glance, it seems like the next project for this class involves making several of our own classes in order to completely the assignment. I think the biggest challenge that this project presents is making sure that the program as a whole is structured properly; that all of the appropriate classes are made and that they each contain the appropriate functions. It is pretty easy to over complicate programs such as this one if you do not properly plan out ahead of time a strong but flexible frame for the program.
### What will you do next week?
This week we will be starting project four! On top of that we will be having our normal lectures and quizzes. Our next exam isn’t for a while there isn’t really anything out of the usual coming up that I am aware of.
### Pick-of-the-week
Elon Musk released more information regarding SpaceX's quest for Mars!
http://spacenews.com/musk-offers-more-details-about-mars-mission-architecture/
